# AYROLL-AND-HUMAN-RESOURCE-MANAGEMENT-SYSTEM
Online Employee Payroll Management System Project”. This payroll system has one HR module. HR can add all the employees by filling their personal details, their salary details and leave bifurcation. HR can upload Monthly Attendance excel File of each Employee.

Payslips are provided to the employees to record their monthly pay and allowances. It is a document that provides the employees with details of their incomes and deductions as it would differ from employee to employee. Manual salary slips are outdated, now as most of them work in technology using companies and the pdf file of a salary slip is received on salary day. Issuing manual salary slip and HRMS system might be time-consuming and might consume a lot of paper. Nevon Projects proposes an online human resource and payroll management system project which helps in generating salary of the employees every month without worries. This HR payroll software will help in distribution of payslips to employees and also helps to manage employee information efficiently. This payroll system has one HR module. HR can add all the employees by filling their personal details, their salary details and leave bifurcation. HR can upload Monthly Attendance excel File of each Employee. Then salary calculation and leave management will be done automatically by this leave management system on the basis of salary details and attendance details provided by the HR. Then the salary slip will be generated and it will auto mail the payslips to all the employees. HR can also manage employee details like updating new details of existing employee, add new employees and deleting the employee details who has left the company.

We provide Product Delivery and Customer Support Worldwide, so enter your country details on the website for the pricing details.
